add ohw25 folder and update the pages with 2025 info (#346)
oceanhackweek/oceanhackweek.github.io: index.md

:::{admonition} Stay tuned for OceanHackWeek 2025
:class: important

> We are planning an in-person event at the University of Washington Aug 18-22 in Seattle, WA USA. Applications Opening Soon! In the meantime, [check out our past events,](about/pasthackweeks) including [OHW24](ohw24/index). Please [contact us](about/contact) if you're interested in contributing to OceanHackWeek 2025 as Organizing Committee member, [tutorial instructor or project mentor](resources/organizing/index).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are planning an in-person event at the University of Washington Aug 18-22 in Seattle, WA USA. [Applications are open](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/1Mb72g93TySkyG_ls1Ql_wGEgynbUTI1YF_QJm4Mivv0/viewform?edit_requested=true) through July 14th. In the meantime, [check out our past events,](about/pasthackweeks) including [OHW24](ohw24/index). Please [contact us](about/contact) if you're interested in contributing to OceanHackWeek 2025 as Organizing Committee member, [tutorial instructor or project mentor](resources/organizing/index).
```
